mode binary

load r:\baseball\art\field\foulpole
open r:\baseball\art\images\foulpole.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\wall01
open r:\baseball\art\images\wall01.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\wall02
open r:\baseball\art\images\wall02.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\wall03
open r:\baseball\art\images\wall03.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat01
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat01.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat02
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat02.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat03
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat03.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat05
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat05.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat06
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat06.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat07
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat07.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat10
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat10.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat11
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat11.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat13
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat13.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

loadpcx r:\baseball\art\field\seat14
open r:\baseball\art\images\seat14.img
compress off
change 255 0
swap 0 255
output size,0
output workspace
close

done
